Improving the AI Wizard modal and making AI the default installation method (#12088)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/getting-started/_snippets/wizard.mdx

import DetailSetUpReverseProxy from "../../integrate/_snippets/details/set-up-reverse-proxy.mdx"
import DetailGroupProductsInOneProject from "../../integrate/_snippets/details/group-products-in-one-project.mdx"

> Install PostHog in seconds with our wizard by running this command in the terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install PostHog in seconds with our wizard by running this command in your project directory with your terminal:
```

```bash

> npx @posthog/wizard@latest

Reviewer 2: I don't think this will work for EU users as it will miss out the `--eu` flag, from the looks of it we can replace this with `<AgentPrompt />`.

We can also remove the part below, since `<AgentPrompt />` is now just the command, so it'll be repeating the same thing - maybe we can add a note above like:

"Install PostHog in seconds with our wizard by running this command in your project directory with your terminal (it also works in LLM coding agents like Cursor & Bolt):"
